Now, I am ashamed to say this, but I admire your love.
I have come all the way here without any hesitation.
Please give me your kind reply.
I am grateful, but I cannot say it.
You are doubtful.
You can say it in your songs.
The cherry blossoms in the cherry trees.
You are a kind person.
You can say it in your songs.
Sometimes, I say it in your songs.
Your name is Sumirome.
What is Sumirome?
The name of this cherry tree is Sumirome.
What are you doing?
I have never been in love.
While I am an official in Kumagawa,
I also like addictive music.
I also like
Gachiyaki's rhythm and melody.
I have also been in love.
I am very happy for you.
I am a very happy person.
Still, I am a lucky person.
In the end, Ryokan receives prize and is alive.
capital M ride
Treadmill
Seltzer
Sor superior
You carving
The End